Update backup performance section for elastic CPU (#17299)
cockroachdb/docs: src/current/v23.1/backup.md

## Performance

The backup job process minimizes its impact to the cluster's performance with:

- Distribution of work to all nodes. Each node backs up only a specific subset of the data it stores (those for which it serves writes), with no two nodes backing up the same data. Refer to the [Backup Architecture](backup-architecture.html) page for a detailed explanation of how a backup job works.

> - {% include_cached new-in.html version="v23.1" %} Integration with elastic CPU by default, which helps to prevent backups from affecting foreground traffic. This integration will result in a cluster prioritizing SQL traffic over backups.

Author: Added!

> - {% include_cached new-in.html version="v23.1" %} Integration with elastic CPU limiter by default, which helps to minimize the impact backups have on foreground traffic. This integration will limit the amount of CPU time used by a backup thereby allowing foreground SQL traffic to continue largely unaffected.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- {% include_cached new-in.html version="v23.1" %} Integration with elastic CPU limiter by default, which minimizes the impact backups have on foreground traffic. This integration will limit the amount of CPU time used by a backup thereby allowing foreground SQL traffic to continue largely unaffected.
```

> A backup job, like any read, cannot export a range if the range contains an [unresolved intent](architecture/transaction-layer.html#resolving-write-intents). While you typically will want bulk, background jobs like `BACKUP` to have as little impact on your foreground traffic as possible, it's still important for backups to complete (which maintains your [recovery point objective (RPO)](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Disaster_recovery#Recovery_Point_Objective)).

Reviewer: can you clarify what is meant by "important for backups to complete"? As opposed to.. backups not completing?

Author: Hey @ashleykwtam, not quite sure what you mean here.. could you provide a suggestion for clarity?

Reviewer: Adding the "it's still important for backups to complete" reads awkward to me, as it seems to imply that backups don't have to complete and it's not important to complete. 

Perhaps we can phrase it like:
Even though it's important to minimize the impact of bulk, background jobs like `BACKUP` on your foreground traffic, it is still crucial for backups to finish (in order to maintain your recovery point objective (RPO)).

> Unlike a normal [read transaction](architecture/reads-and-writes-overview.html#read-scenario) that will block until any uncommitted writes it encounters are resolved, a backup job's read request will be allotted a fixed amount of CPU time to read the required keys and values. Once the backup's read request has exhausted this time, the backup will resume once it has been allocated more CPU time. This process allows for other requests, such as foreground SQL traffic to continue, almost unaffected, because there is a cap on how much CPU a backup job will take.

Author: I have kept the CPU references how they were here. We have the reference in the previous sentence, which provides context for "exhausted this time" and then "allocated more CPU time" I think feels necessary since we're talking about allocation.

You can monitor your cluster's [admission control system](admission-control.html) on the [Overload dashboard](ui-overload-dashboard.html). To monitor your backup jobs, refer to the [Backup and Restore Monitoring](backup-and-restore-monitoring.html) page.

> For a more technical explanation of elastic CPU, refer to the [Rubber control theory on the Go scheduler](https://www.cockroachlabs.com/blog/rubbing-control-theory/) blog post.

Author: ooof whoops! Changed in this doc and the changefeed one. Thanks for catching!

We recommend always starting backups with a specific [timestamp](timestamp.html) at least 10 seconds in the past. For example:

~~~ sql
BACKUP...AS OF SYSTEM TIME '-10s';
~~~

> This improves performance by decreasing the likelihood that the `BACKUP` will be [retried because it contends with other statements/transactions](transactions.html#transaction-retries). However, because [`AS OF SYSTEM TIME`](as-of-system-time.html) returns historical data, your reads might be stale. Taking backups with `AS OF SYSTEM TIME '-10s'` is a best practice to reduce the number of still-running transactions you may encounter, since the backup will take priority and will force still-running transactions to restart after the backup is finished.

Author: Is this clause still accurate: 

> since the backup will take priority and will force still-running transactions to restart after the backup is finished.

Reviewer 2: This clause is still accurate but I'd suggest a rewrite:

Taking backups with `AS OF SYSTEM TIME '-10s'` is a good best practice to reduce the number of still-running transactions you may encounter, since contending transactions will be eventually pushed by the backup to a higher timestamp causing the transactions to retry.

~~~

This improves performance by decreasing the likelihood that the `BACKUP` will be [retried because it contends with other statements/transactions](transactions.html#transaction-retries). However, because `AS OF SYSTEM TIME` returns historical data, your reads might be stale. Taking backups with `AS OF SYSTEM TIME '-10s'` is a good best practice to reduce the number of still-running transactions you may encounter, since the backup will take priority and will force still-running transactions to restart after the backup is finished.
This improves performance by decreasing the likelihood that the `BACKUP` will be [retried because it contends with other statements/transactions](transactions.html#transaction-retries). However, because [`AS OF SYSTEM TIME`](as-of-system-time.html) returns historical data, your reads might be stale. Taking backups with `AS OF SYSTEM TIME '-10s'` is a best practice to reduce the number of still-running transactions you may encounter, since the backup will take priority and will force still-running transactions to restart after the backup is finished.

> `BACKUP` will initially ask individual ranges to backup but to skip if they encounter an intent. Any range that is skipped is placed at the end of the queue. When `BACKUP` has completed its initial pass and is revisiting ranges, it will ask any range that did not resolve within the given time limit (default 1 minute) to attempt to resolve any intents that it encounters and to **not** skip. Additionally, the backup's transaction priority is then set to `high`, which causes other transactions to abort until the intents are resolved and the backup is finished.

Author: I assume removing this end sentence is correct with the integration of elastic CPU, but perhaps not?

Reviewer 2: The elastic CPU limiter is independent of the behaviour described in this sentence. I would not remove the sentence but instead rewrite it to:

Additionally, the backup's read transaction priority is eventually set to `high`. This will result in contending transactions being pushed and retries at a higher timestamp.
